For this project we were tasked with developing an interest calculator for AirGead Banking. The program is used as a learning tool for students on the power of investing and compound interest. Investing is an important thing, and something I personally do regularly so this project was extra fun to create. I felt like I was able to keep the code simply an easy to understand which is very important. I was able to reuse variables when needed, and keep the memory usage down, making for an overall more efficient program. However, I did find that with my naming conventions it got quite tedious when I would name the funtions. I will need to work on creating short, descriptive names that can be easily retyped over and over rather than constantly worrying about spelling and typing a long name. Besides naming conventions, I would say I struggled with the actual interest calculation function. It proved a bit more challenging to figure out than I anticipated. I went through several iterations of it until I found using two for loops, one for the years and one for the months, worked best to properly get through the calculation. I made sure this program was well commented out so anyone looking at it (Or me looking at it a year from now) can understand exactly what pieces of the code do what functionality. Comments help with readability massively, but they also help with maintainability, and adaptability. By having detailed out in plain english what each part does I can add more functionality to the program without having to try and remember what everything does. This project helped me to understand C++ way more. This will help me in the future with other C++ courses and project and will help me to overall be a better, well rounded programmer. 
